Add mention to DD_TRACE_OTEL_ENABLED (#23123)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/trace_collection/library_config/java.md

**Default**: `false`<br>
When `true`, the tracer will inject 128 bit Trace IDs as 32 lowercase hexadecimal characters with zero padding, and 64 bit Trace IDs as decimal numbers. Otherwise, the tracer always injects Trace IDs as decimal numbers.

`dd.trace.otel.enabled`
: **Environment Variable**: `DD_TRACE_OTEL_ENABLED`<br>
**Default**: `false`<br>

> When `true`, enables OpenTelemetry based tracing for [custom][16] instrumentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When `true`, OpenTelemetry-based tracing for [custom][16] instrumentation is enabled.
```
